don't be afraid of death be afraid of
the doctor I'm coming for you I like the
funny noise it make I should build a
third party his head is gone
Oh beautiful I feel like dancing
now you could fit into a gumball machine
and I could have a piece of you for
quarter who has a quarter so don't do it
please
Paul it's me rain down upon them oh the
inside of your head is delicious I am
not scared but I could use some help I
do like the sound of this one it tickles
my special place and happy for some
reasons they hate you American I am back
to cause more pain if you kill them one
by one they have no idea the little
chimp would kill them extraordinary you
got him to his mother I the mp40 or neva
I'm so happy
thank you
so many party pot this is funny yeah
it's so fuzzy it makes a fun noise - no
I am NOT ready for hell I've got nothing
to wear
the wretched screams of the jet fill my
heart with joy I'm not dead Oh get the
doctor can't join the nuts ah I don't
like it then they lick me
I am rested it tickles it tickles I knew
it it tickled I love your bed legged in
your blood you are so annoying
your first downs have a night the
children song
I tell you bane I put my straw in it
Dempsey I just had no it Oh a horde of
zombies he had a happy happy time on
goes the corpses yes yes explode
brawler's they make such cute noises
here screams our soul yeah there could
be no fun is no ammo for my gun
look at all the body parts someone could
be a bag this is the doctor can go a
very long time man that anyone I stab at
thee stop stop stop
stump Eva's rules as a doctor stumpy
paid the price the fatherland would be
so proud I have earned on achievement
yay